artworkName:The Fool
artworkID:0
artworkPrice:512.25
artist:Kaya
status:Sellout
detail:The Fool
artworkName:The Magician
artworkID:1
artworkPrice:258.23
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Amiya is a young magician from Arknight.
artworkName:The High Priestess
artworkID:2
artworkPrice:827.50
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The High Priestess
artworkName:The Empress
artworkID:3
artworkPrice:233.50
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Empress
artworkName:The Emperor
artworkID:4
artworkPrice:815.23
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Emperor
artworkName:Hellagur
artworkID:5
artworkPrice:312.25
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Hierophant
artworkName:The Lovers
artworkID:6
artworkPrice:722.43
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Lovers
artworkName:The Chariot
artworkID:7
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Chariot
artworkName:Strength
artworkID:8
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Strength
artworkName:The Hermit
artworkID:9
artworkPrice:377.28
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Hermit
artworkName:Wheel of Fortune
artworkID:10
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Wheel of Fortune
artworkName:Justice
artworkID:11
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Justice
artworkName:The Hanged Man
artworkID:12
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Hanged Man
artworkName:Death
artworkID:13
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Death
artworkName:Temperance
artworkID:14
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Temperance
artworkName:The Devil
artworkID:15
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Devil
artworkName:The Tower
artworkID:16
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Tower
artworkName:The Star
artworkID:17
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:saleOut
detail:The Star
artworkName:The Moon
artworkID:18
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Moon
artworkName:The Sun
artworkID:19
artworkPrice:277.50
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The Sun
artworkName:Judgement
artworkID:20
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Judgement
artworkName:The World
artworkID:21
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:The World
artworkName:Doctor
artworkID:22
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Doctor
artworkName:Astesia
artworkID:23
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Astesia
artworkName:Texas
artworkID:24
artworkPrice:273.24
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:Texas
artworkName:Thorns
artworkID:25
artworkPrice:52.25
artist:Kaya
status:onSale
detail:artworkDetail
